Our story begins with a rather ambitious dwarf prince from the mountain city of Dun Hamar in The Frozen North. Though, truth be told, the story behind the story took place over a century ago at the edge of the Silent Forest, but that is for another time. Our prince and his band of dwarves, 9 in total, have gathered in their mountain hall and are preparing for the adventure ahead.
 	The wind howled as Morin and his party stepped through the Iron Gate. Snow rushed into the mountain hall as the dwarves made their way out into the tundra that was The Frozen North. Each dwarf sat atop a sturdy yak and carried with them everything they would need for their march to the Midlands. They assembled under the pavilion of the guard tower and Morin Irontoe signaled to the gatekeeper to close the gate. The iron doors closed with a low boom and the dwarves saluted the Great Hammer. “On me!”, yelled Morin as he led his crimson yak around away from the gates. The dwarves formed in lines of two and began their journey down the Icy Pike.
 	“To think, it’s actually Summer right now!”, exclaimed Marin with a hearty chuckle. He was always known for breaking the tension with a joke. He and Morin had marched this road many times in their youth and they were well acquainted with the biting cold of the north. So much so that they barely noticed the icicles beginning to form in their beards. “Mr. Stonebrew,”said Morin, “is your brother still managing the Inn at the edge of the forest?”. Doldren Stonebrew spurred his yak to catch up with Morin. “Aye! I reckon he’d have us for supper and more!”, answered the burly dwarf. Doldren Stonebrew came from a family of smiths and miners who also ran inns and taverns throughout the Frozen North. Each one had their own special house ale which they would bring to the Hammersday festival each year. “Very well then, we’ll make our way to the Bagg Inn for a hot meal and a cold brew.”, declared Morin.
	The dwarves trudged on for what felt like days through the driving snow, every now and then stopping to take in the deadly beauty of their homeland. After a while Dwarf 5 spoke up saying, “I don’t remember it being so long to the Inn. I’m going to need a hot bath and massage after this.” Morin laughed at this and shook his head in a sort of amused disapproval. ==Lifting his head he watched the lengthening shadows dance in the waning sunlight. For a second he thought he saw one of them dash behind a tree and an ominous feeling of being watched came over him. unable to verify his suspicions, he chalked it up to being tired or hungry.== The Sun was starting to creep down from its noontime perch, so he concluded it was just shadows dancing in the forest. The dwarf prince reached into his pack and produced a crisp orange carrot. He bit off a hearty chunk and gave the rest to his great yak.
	
==I would also mention that there are X amount of dwarves in the company. We can also try to brainstorm basic personalities/traits for each dwarf, but not super pressing right now==.
